          --==:))  INFORMATION FILE TO PLAY THE RHODE WARRIOR  ((:==--

This BBS is a dedicated, fantasy role playing game.  You create an imaginary
character by assign it a class and give it abilities.  The classes are:
Fighter, Magician, Thief, Bard, Cleric, Assassin, Jester, Barbarian, Sage,
Alchemist, and Hero.  Their ability ratings are: Strength, Intellect, Agility,
and Charisma.  The higher the ability rating of a character, the more powerful
he/she will react in a given situation.  The goal is to increase the level of
your character by obtaining Experience.  Experience can be gainfully achieved
by successfully defeating opponents, monsters and/or other users, in combat.
The higher the level of a character, the more Hit Points and Spell Power
he/she will have.  Hit Points and determine how much damage a character can
sustain during battle, before dying.  Spell Power is how much a magic-user
class can use to cast spells or use scrolls.

Gold is used as a monetary unit when purchasing items for your character, such
as: weapons, armor, spells, scrolls, poisons, real estate, security, and naval
warships.  You earn gold from jousting, killing monsters in the arena, dungeon
and at sea.  Defeating other users will usually net you the gold on their
person and your market value of their weapon and armor.  Large sums of gold
can be obtained from the lower levels by defeating another gang whose has
members in the upper levels.

Please note that you may start your character over by selecting <X> to
exterminate your character at the Main Menu.  Happy hunting!


-=> FIGHTER <=-
The fighter delivers very potent damage to any opponent.  Though there are no
extra, special abilities a fighter can deliver, he is consistent in any
attack.  The fighter receives an extra bonus in Strength per level obtained.

-=> MAGICIAN <=-
The magician fights poorly compared to a fighter.  To overcome this failing,
a magician must set his ways in learning spells.  Spells can be used to
temporarily increase his abiliities, enhance his weapon and armor, restore his
hit points, teleport from danger, or inflict severe damage to his opponent in
battle.  The magician receives an extra bonus in Intellect per level obtained.

-=> THIEF <=-
The thief is a creature of the shadows.  Always lurking from a discrete
distance, a thief must make use his natural stealth ability to survive.  A
thief gets his best results in battle by surprising his opponent and using a
backstab to cause extreme damage.  A thief also makes use of stealing from
other users.  The thief gets an extra bonus in Agility per level obtained.

-=> BARD <=-
The bard class holds special talents.  A bard can surprise his opponent, use
magic scrolls to aid his quest, and fight harder than an ordinary magic-user.
This blend can make a bard very powerful, but since he is not dedicated in
any pursuit to improve his talents (mainly because he enjoys music and drink
too much), it can prove to backfire on him as well.  The bard gets an extra
bonus in Charisma per level obtained.

-=> CLERIC <=-
The cleric is a dedicated individual in pursuing spiritual enlightenment.
Calling on his deity to posess him with the will to overcome his opponents,
the cleric can have magical abilities.

-=> ASSASSIN <=-
The assassin is a master of killing.  An assassin can use poisons and backstab.
They tend to hit harder as their experience level increases.  Assassins get an
extra bonus in Agility per level obtained.

-=> JESTER <=-
The jester is a foolhardy character who can entertain and annoy at the same
time.  Jesters have natural ability in picking pockets and spell casting.
Jesters get an extra bonus in Charisma per level obtained.

-=> BARBARIAN <=-
The barbarian is the most powerful hitting class, delivering up to 4 times
normal damage.  However, barbarians receive twice the damage from spell
casters, which tend to work more often as well.  Barbarians get an extra bonus
in Strength per level obtained.

-=> SAGE <=-
The sage is a fantastic magic-user.  Their natural ability to use magic causes
them to use less spell power required of other magic-users.  Because they rely
so much on their magic, their combat ability leaves something to be desired.
Sages get an extra bonus in Intellect per level obtained.

-=> ALCHEMIST <=-
The alchemist is a modern user of substances to influence the effectiveness of
his weapons.  His drugged weapon can inflict up to twice the damage more than
a similar weapon poisoned by a thief or assassin.  Alchemists get an extra
bonus in Intellect per level obtained.

-=> HERO <=-
The hero is a special class that can only be earned by users who have surpassed
the 99th level and have solved The Ancient Riddle of the Keys.  Heroes have
the hitting power of a barbarian and the magic ability of a sage.  If a hero
initiates combat, his honor will not allow him to retreat.  Heroes get an extra
bonus in all abilities per level obtained.

-=> SPECIAL RULES <=-
Another obstacle and aid have been added to this game.  It is based upon the
classic game of Tag.  When a System Reroll occurs, two players are selected
randomly and are secretly Blessed or Cursed.  Being Blessed gives you a +10
bonus to all your abilities and a +10% enhancement to your weapon and armor.
A Cursed user gets the opposite, taking away 10-points from his abilities and
reducing his weapon and armor effectiveness by 10%.  You can lose your Blessed
state if you were to lose a battle with ANY arena opponent.  That fortunate
opponent will then be Blessed.  Should the opponent be a monster, a random
user is secretly selected.  To remove your Cursed state, you must defeat
another user.  When successfully killing the user, your Cursed state transfers
to him as well, thus putting a double-whammie on him.  Please note if you
defeat a Blessed user or lose to a Cursed user, their state is transferred to
you as well.  May The Force be with you!
